Fix bug in get_horizons_coord time dictionary arg (#7106)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/7106.bugfix.rst

> Fix bug in `sunpy.coordinates.get_horizons_coord` when specifying the time using a dictionary, the returned times now match the supplied times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix bug in `sunpy.coordinates.get_horizons_coord` when specifying a time range via a dictionary that could cause the returned times to be slightly different from the supplied times.
```

> Fix bug in `sunpy.coordinates.get_horizons_coord` when specifying a time range via a dictionary that could cause the returned times to be slightly different from the supplied times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix bug in :func:`~sunpy.coordinates.get_horizons_coord` when specifying a time range via a dictionary that could cause the returned times to be slightly different from the supplied times.
```
